Lord Li, how can you give him a shot?
Is he a street farmer's little nest?
Shut up. You know who he is
Who is he?
He is the patron saint of the famous Kyushu Building
The supreme Zhenben Junlong is handsome
He is Long Shuai
Really Long Shuai
What are you doing?
Ah, if you can drop him, I don't know your identity.
I accidentally bumped into you.
Please scan the code.
kneel down
Uncle boy offends you
Let's avoid it a thousand times. It's not that we want our lives.
Thunder Dragon, you offend this commander to avoid death
But seeing if you know your mistakes, you can change the law and pass it on to others
I will punish you for sending wine to the frontier
Mr. Wang took it away and explained it to me.
Forgive me, big brother
aggression
As a prefect
Knowing the law and breaking the law is not clear
I will punish you to go to the Western Regions to seal the army for three years
Lord Lunshun
No, take it away
Lord Lunshun, do you want it?
They're all done
Now in the end
Lord Long Shuai
I never really knew it was the real Long Shuai
I beg you to let someone go